[docs] Create and update separate guides in EAS Build reference (#20361)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build-reference/npm-cache-with-yarn.mdx

---

> title: Using npm cache with Yarn v1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Using npm cache with Yarn Classic
```

Since Yarn refers to v1 as "Classic" I think we should stick to that name too:
* https://classic.yarnpkg.com/lang/en/

Reviewer 2: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/852069/207360755-b2679911-2984-4bfb-99e0-de6f7ede1df1.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/852069/207360829-916a0c8d-fdf6-4b3b-9e04-602913f514d1.png)

Left this on another PR not too long ago. These are the two variations that Yarn themselves uses. We went with Yarn 1 (Classic) in the other PR, but for a title, Yarn Classic is probably better, like you suggested.

hideTOC: true
---

> By default, the EAS npm cache won't work with Yarn v1, because **yarn.lock** files contain URLs to registries for every package and Yarn does not provide any way to override it. The issue is fixed in Yarn v2, but the Yarn team does not plan to backport it to Yarn v1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the EAS npm cache won't work with Yarn Classic, because **yarn.lock** files contain URLs to registries for every package and Yarn does not provide any way to override it. The issue is fixed in Yarn Berry (2+), but the Yarn team does not plan to backport it to Yarn Classic.
```

Naming tweaks.

Reviewer 2: In the text, I would use Yarn 1 (Classic) and Yarn 2+ (Berry) to match Yarn's own phraseology.

Author: For consistency across docs, I'm using the pattern Kim suggested.
